WRN-2490: Added `@testing-library/react` support for "enact test" (#247)
enactjs/cli: docs/testing-apps.md

```
The `enact test` command (aliased as `npm run test`) will activate a [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) test runner on all discovered *-specs.js files. All the complicated configuration is hidden away within Enact CLI to avoid any confusion or additional difficulty in testing source code.

> Internally Enact CLI supports [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro) out of the box, so there's no need to install them locally on your project. Simply import/require it within specs files and it'll be there. You will want to familiarize your self with React Testing Library's utilities in order to write more complex tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally Enact CLI supports [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro) out of the box, so there's no need to install them locally on your project. Simply import/require it within specs files and it'll be there. You will want to familiarize yourself with React Testing Library's utilities in order to write more complex tests.
```

> (Enzyme will be removed on Enact CLI 5.0.0 version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enzyme support is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release.
```
